I'm really willing to give up all my worth today
Send you fake in
Boss, even if the sun hits the west today
I don't believe you're really right either.
Bet with him on three veteran donkeys
It's time to pay for your coffin
But don't blame this lady for being ruthless
Evergreen
How about you?
Evergreen, are you still afraid of him?
Evergreen, you must always remember
You're just a doorstep to our neighbor
How much property can you have?
These three elders are not afraid
What are you afraid of?
Evergreen, don't be afraid of him
Wait for him to go to jail
See how long he can stay in power. Shut up
I'll paint it.
Great, as expected of the man that Miss Ben likes
kind of
Then draw a duck like that
Ah, and draw ducks
Of course it's clearly written in black and white
Otherwise
Do you think this lady is playing house with you?
statement
Dazzling gamblers who admit defeat can dissolve the Lingshi consortium
Give up everything voluntarily
You fake
You really don't cry without seeing the coffin?
It's pretty decent
I'll see how long you can wait
Don't be complacent.
What do you know?